README.md, before:

# Wormhole Solidity SDK

The purpose of this SDK is to provide helpers to take your existing single-chain solidity application cross-chain using Wormhole's automatic relayers

### Installation

**Foundry and Forge**

```bash
forge install wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk
```

### Example Usage + Introduction to Automatic Relayers

[HelloWormhole - Simple cross-chain message sending application](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/hello-wormhole)

[HelloToken - Simple cross-chain token sending application](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/hello-token)

### SDK Summary

- Includes interfaces to interact with contracts in the Wormhole ecosystem ([src/interfaces](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/tree/main/src/interfaces))
- Includes the base class ‘Base’ with helpers for common actions that will typically need to be done within ‘receiveWormholeMessages’:
  - [`onlyWormholeRelayer()`](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/WormholeRelayerSDK.sol#L26): Checking that msg.sender is the wormhole relayer contract
  - [`replayProtect(bytes32 deliveryHash)`](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/WormholeRelayerSDK.sol#L31): Checking that the current delivery has not already been processed (via the hash)
    Sometimes, Cross-chain applications may be set up such that there is one ‘spoke’ contract on every chain, which sends messages to the ‘hub’ contract. If so, we’d ideally only want to allow messages to be sent from these spoke contracts. Included are helpers for this:
  - [`setRegisteredSender(uint16 sourceChain, bytes32 sourceAddress)`](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/WormholeRelayerSDK.sol#L49): Setting the specified sender for ‘sourceChain’ to be ‘sourceAddress’
  - [`isRegisteredSender(uint16 sourceChain, bytes32 sourceAddress)`](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/WormholeRelayerSDK.sol#L37): Checking that the sender who requested the delivery is the registered address for that chain
    Look at [test/Fork.t.sol](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/test/Fork.t.sol#L16) for an example usage of Base
- Included are also the ‘[TokenSender](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/WormholeRelayerSDK.sol#L79)’ and ‘[TokenReceiver](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/WormholeRelayerSDK.sol#L186)’ base classes with helpers for smart contracts that wish to send and receive tokens using Wormhole’s TokenBridge. See ‘[HelloToken](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/hello-token)’ for example usage.
- Included are helpers that help set up a local forge testing environment. See ‘[HelloWormhole](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/hello-wormhole)’ for example usage.
**Note: This code is meant to be used as starter / reference code. Feel free to modify for use in your contracts, and also make sure to audit any code used from here as part of your contracts before deploying to mainnet.**

Commit message:

CCTP-support + Remove Replay Protection (#18)
* CCTP support 

* remove replay protection

---------

Co-authored-by: Joe Howarth <josephehowarth@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Wormhole Solidity SDK

The purpose of this SDK is to provide helpers to take your existing single-chain solidity application cross-chain using Wormhole's automatic relayers

### Installation

**Foundry and Forge**

```bash
forge install wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk
```

### Example Usage + Introduction to Automatic Relayers

[HelloWormhole - Simple cross-chain message sending application](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/hello-wormhole)

[HelloToken - Simple cross-chain token sending application](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/hello-tokens)

[HelloUSDC - Simple cross-chain USDC sending application using CCTP](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/hello-usdc)

### SDK Summary

- Includes interfaces to interact with contracts in the Wormhole ecosystem ([src/interfaces](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/tree/main/src/interfaces))
- Includes the base class ‘Base’ with helpers for common actions that will typically need to be done within ‘receiveWormholeMessages’:
  - [`onlyWormholeRelayer()`](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/Base.sol#L24): Checking that msg.sender is the wormhole relayer contract
    Sometimes, Cross-chain applications may be set up such that there is one ‘spoke’ contract on every chain, which sends messages to the ‘hub’ contract. If so, we’d ideally only want to allow messages to be sent from these spoke contracts. Included are helpers for this:
    
    - [`setRegisteredSender(uint16 sourceChain, bytes32 sourceAddress)`](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/Base.sol#L47): Setting the specified sender for ‘sourceChain’ to be ‘sourceAddress’
    - [`isRegisteredSender(uint16 sourceChain, bytes32 sourceAddress)`](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/Base.sol#L35): Checking that the sender who requested the delivery is the registered address for that chain
    
    Look at test/Counter.t.sol for an example usage of Base
    
- Included are also the ‘[TokenSender](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/TokenBase#L36)’ and ‘[TokenReceiver](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/TokenBase.sol#L126)’ base classes with helpers for smart contracts that wish to send and receive tokens using Wormhole’s TokenBridge. See ‘[HelloToken](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/hello-token)’ for example usage.
- Included are also the ‘[CCTPSender](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/CCTPBase#L70)’ and ‘[CCTPReceiver](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-solidity-sdk/blob/main/src/CCTPBase.sol#L134)’ base classes with helpers for smart contracts that wish to send and receive both tokens using Wormhole’s TokenBridge as well as USDC using CCTP. See ‘[HelloUSDC](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/hello-usdc)’ for example usage.
- Included are helpers that help set up a local forge testing environment. See ‘[HelloWormhole](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/hello-wormhole)’ for example usage.

**Note: This code is meant to be used as starter / reference code. Feel free to modify for use in your contracts, and also make sure to audit any code used from here as part of your contracts before deploying to mainnet.**
